# The Simplest Thing That Could Possibly work

> What is the simplest thing we could say in code, so 
> that we'll be talking about something that's on the screen, 
> instead of something that's ill-formed in our mind.
> -- [A Conversation with Ward Cunningham][1]

I often find bootstrapping to be the hardest part of
test first development.  How do you make the jump from
zero tests to one test?

And the answer is: by getting started.  If we aren't
sure what to do, the next step is to start gathering
evidence.  We aren't, yet, committing to a particular
choice of implementation.  

More precisely, we aren't yet [publishing the API][2],
which means that we can rip it out later if it turns
out to be a dead end.

# API: First Draft

So the first thing that we are after is a guess at how
a consumer might call the code in question.

In this guess, I assume that it will be reasonable to
model the api call after ```random.random()```

# First check

Now I need something to check.

Like the API itself, the tests are not yet published;
we can throw in any check that we think will allow
us to make progress, and give it a try to see how
it goes.

The one soft constraint I consider is this: it should
be easy to back the check out if it turns out to be
a bad idea.

In this particular case, because I'm reaquainting myself
with the framework, I wanted to introduce the lightest
constraint I could think of, so that I can keep the check
in place as I experiment with different implementations.







[1]: https://www.artima.com/intv/simplest3.html
[2]: https://martinfowler.com/ieeeSoftware/published.pdf