> Make the change easy
> then make the easy change

I struggled a bit here, because there's a trap ahead that I'm
aware of (having done the exercise before), and I don't want
to get too tangled in it or fake it.

But the basic idea here is that I should be able to build
up to a complete implementation by placing specific pieces,
and then just putting the rest onto the board in order.

So at this point in the exercise, the seed (which is constrained
to the range [0,1]) only affects the position of the first
three pieces, which will move around on the first three squares.
The other five squares are arranged by placing the (not yet
constrained) pieces in order.

OK, so how do I get started with _that_?

I happened to be reviewing Ward's Wiki this week, and rediscovered
the discusion of [do the simplest thing that could possibly work][1].
That in turn lead me to this [interview with Ward in 2004][2].

> We'd just get stuck. And if we were stuck more than a minute, 
> I'd stop and say, "Kent, what's the simplest thing that 
> could possibly work?" 

Right - simplest thing that could possibly work isn't a constraint,
it's a piece of advice for breaking the spell of paralysis by
analysis or writer's block.  _Get something onto the screen._
Then you can start working on it.

In this case, the simplest thing I can think to do is separate
the parts of each result into two parts, the bits that match
and the bits that don't match.

Just that much was enough of a kick to make things clearer.


[1]: http://wiki.c2.com/?DoTheSimplestThingThatCouldPossiblyWork
[2]: https://www.artima.com/intv/simplest3.html